Team Meeting 

## Meeting Start Time
 
2021/02/14/7:00pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2021/02/14/7:30pm
 
## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan
 
## Minute Recorder
Iqra

## Topics Discussed
We discussed that for the fourth iteration, our main priorities would be working on the aesthetics and maintaining a certain style, implementing the functional remaining functional requirements along with setting user permissions, and working on the testing for both, the frontend and the backend. We're also contemplating whether we should add the ASK EVE functionality for this iteration or the last one.


## Topics Clarified
We decided that we'd be using libraries like Bootstrap for the frontend and make sure we keep a track of the dependencies we install. We don't want to have too many so we'll just try to use one or two for the whole project. We're also going to separate sponsor and member accounts by setting user permissions. For the testing, we have decided to work on it until 20th February and contact professor after to get his feedback on it. If we're unable to test some parts, we will ask for his help. Our main focus is to make sure that the user is able to use the website with whatever we have by the end of this iteration. 
