Team Meeting 

## Meeting Start Time
 
2021/03/11/4:00pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2021/03/11/4:45pm
 
## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan
 
## Minute Recorder
Duan

## Topics Discussed
Rebounding after our presentation to the professor. Prepping for the fifth iteration and what we are expecting of each other. Having a solid gameplan for this next Iteration and staying on top of what we do. Bouncing ideas off each other and how we should make the site look in terms of asethics. Next time when to meet as a group to provide updates. Sectioning off what we want tp work on so we don't do someone esle's work.

## Topics Clarified
We all agreed we need to stay on top of our work and push hard for this iteration. We want to finish the frontend portion of the website by a set date so we can focus on the backend on the backend. We divided up what we all work so we won't confuse each other and overlap work. We're gonna start meeting after class Tuesday and thursday since we all have the time.
