# Week of 03/21/2021 
 
## Meeting Start Time
 
2021/03/21/7:30pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2021/03/21/8:30pm

## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan
 
## Minute Recorder
 
Mera

## Topics Discussed
 
We discussed everyone's progress since our last meeting, any notices, and potential issues someone might be facing. We also made sure everyone was clear on their next assignment. Other topics of discussion included the new website aesthetics, responsivness, and the student symposium preparations. After the official team meeting, Iqra, Jamari, and Mera stayed back to solve an issue Iqra was having with the backend—we solved it by deleting the pre-existing virtualenvironment and installing a new one. 

## Things Clarified
Listed below are all the progress reports and next assignment clarification of each team member:

- Austin: I went over how Iqra and I had changed tasks which was the search bar with the sponsor page. The next thing That I did was show my changes and how I was really close to finishing the sponsor profile page. After that I just said the tasks I would pick up including creating responsive versions of each page for iPad and iPhone viewport sizes. Last thing I mentioned was that I would pick up the comment section task if I finish the responsive changes rather quickly.

- Duan: Working on Alloyeditor for New Articles. Editors framework is downloaded into the project but need help implementing into the project.

- Jamari: Will be working on changing the navbar so it can be more intuitive when the user login and work on sign up and login page styling.

- Iqra: I worked on the profile page and made it responsive. There were some changes that needed to be done. Austin and I switched tasks and decided he’s going to take over and make the profile page responsive and I will be working on the search bar functionality for the articles and videos page.

- Mera: The backend tests are almost complete, I just need to refactor the comments test file and figure out how to test the login correctly. Next on my list of tasks is to solve the bugs found during the client and mentor demos (comment section bug, profile page bug) and then developing the resources backend so that it is easier for Austin to make the profile page dynamic. 
