# Week of 03/28/2021 
 
## Meeting Start Time
 
2021/03/21/4:30pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2021/03/21/5:00pm

## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan
 
## Minute Recorder
 
Mera

## Topics Discussed
 
This meeting consisted mainly of progress reports. We discussed some of the currently open pull requests and the feedback that was left for each one. 

## Things Clarified

Listed below are all the progress reports and next assignment clarification of each team member:

- Austin: I had discussed my recent changes with the group and had asked for feedback on the pending work that I had done for the week. The group said as long as it was not breaking anything then we were in good shape, so I plan to merge this work after the meeting. After this, I discussed the comments I left for Duan that he had asked me about earlier in the day. Lastly, I expressed some of the communication issues I feel I am having with the group as things still seem to be a bit stagnant. I was hoping to facilitate a bit of progress by doing so because I have not seen much work committed from our team in these past 2 weeks and I just want people to be reaching out instead of procratinating.

- Duan: I am almost done with redesign of articles card for the article page. Need to adjust responsive for the page so it fits properly.
- 
- Jamari: Will be working on the login/ logout functions to properly to set the appâ€™s state once a user is logged in or out and more tests. 

- Iqra: Almost done with the search bar funcationality feature. Just have to test it before pushing. Will be working on a new task from tomorrow.

- Mera: The backend tests are complete and the login test is now working correctly, coverage has been raised to 93%. I am currently working on the login and comments bugs.
