# Week of 04/04/2021 
 
## Meeting Start Time
 
2021/04/04/9:00pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2021/04/04/9:38pm

## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan
 
## Minute Recorder
 
Duan

## Topics Discussed
 How's everyone doing on Easter day. We decide to set up a presentation and video for our exhibit to present at the Student Symposium. Mera is making the video for the exhibit and we will all work on the presentation slides. Questions about the site and what some of us will do next when our tasks is finished.

## Things Clarified
We're all doing good enjoying our time with friends and family. Getting our project and presentation for the Symposium ready to go so we can have it done before the due date. 
We decided on a speaker and to divide up the slides so we can get them done faster. 
We ran through the site to see the changes and show our progress of what we been working on and to see what all we can do next.
Status update:
- Mera:Will be working on the speech for the Student symposium after we finished the slides. Working on Backend bugs and testing to make the site better and more covered.
- Austin: Austin also just took brief moment to go over what changes to our theme would look good and asked for help with adding in the view video/article functionality for a sponsor.
- Iqra: Working on toggle for sign up regirsation page. Also working on the state changing when different users was active.
- Jamari: Working on the backend to help Austin with video/article functionality for sponsors.
- Duan: Still working on the articles responsiveness and then proceeding on with the comments Section UI to look better.
