# Week of 4/18/2021
 
## Meeting Start Time
 
2021/4/18/9:30pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2020/4/18/9:55pm
 
## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan
 
## Minute Recorder
 
Austin

## Topics Discussed

We all decided to do our own little snippet for a status update:

Austin: Talked about my next steps before our closure assignment. Going to be working on one of the final requests from our client which was to further separate our Contact Us and Ask EVE pages. I will do so by removing the button from Contact Us and putting it on our navbar along with changing our wording to further create the distinction.

Mera: I will be working on bug fixes throughout the website and polishing all the functionalities. For example, completing comments for videos, catching edge cases, fixing any error with the sponsor profile, etc. 

Iqra:

Duan: Will be working on a setting forms to allow users to pick and choose what settings that want on their accounts.

Jamari:Will be working on making the events page dynamic to show whether zoom events or in person events are going to take place and finish up the zoom creation page and connect it to the back end.


## Things Clarified

The first thing clarified was the upcoming due dates and the issues that have been fixed since presentation day. The group then talked about what things need to get done before closure day. We made sure that each of us had something to do and picked a day to meet next.

