# Week of 4/19/2021
 
## Meeting Start Time
 
2021/4/25/9:30pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2020/4/25/10:00pm
 
## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan
 
## Minute Recorder
 
Austin

## Topics Discussed

Talked about setting up a meeting to rehearse the presentation and who is going to be doing it. After that we went over the upcoming due dates, we decided what needed to be done and committed to work for ourselves.

Austin: Talked about our next steps and asked what each of us did over the break. I queried about my pull request and it got approval from everyone who spoke. Decided to help Mera find bugs and help Jamari with the datetime picker.

Mera: Worked on the datetime picker for events page, changed fields on the frontend and backend to accept a start date and end date for every event. Will work on a function to manipulate the datetime string to match the accepted JSON format for the backend.

Iqra: Working on making buttons on the website uniform. Also working on the back button that Amina wanted for pages. Will be pushing my changes tomorrow.

Duan: Completing the setting forms so users can change their profiles page.

Jamari:  Also worked on the datetime picker for events page, changed fields on the frontend and backend and created the pages for the event forms and set up the requests in the frontend to connect to the backend.

## Things Clarified

The first thing clarified was the upcoming due dates and the issues that have been fixed since presentation day. The group then talked about what things need to get done before closure day. We made sure that each of us had something to do and picked a day to meet next.