# Client Meeting on 02/08/2021

## Meeting Start Time
 
2021/02/08/ 5:30pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2021/02/08/ 5:45pm
 
## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan, Amina
 
## Minute Recorder
Austin

## Topics Discussed

Our group did a demonstration of the websites newly added changes visually as well as functionally. We discussed how we had taken her feedback and incorporated it into this iteration. We then went on to ask what she had thought about it and she had a few notes here and there, mostly positive. Our client said that the way we present the videos (embedded links) for the user to watch is user friendly. We mentioned the switch to JWT authentication as well and she seemed to be happy about anything to do with being more secure. Overall her feedback was very positive and short. She had said she was winding down for the day and was going to revisit our changes on our own time and get back to us with updated feedback.
 
## Topics Clarified
The topics clarified today were not that many topics other than specifying what it was that was changed. Another was that we talked about how we will be creating the media she wants for the home page. Our client decided that she was going to create the audio and was told how to send a recording once she did so. Our client clarified her situation for us and told  us that she was not really in the best headspace and needed to go to sleep so the bulk of her criticisms will be received after she takes a look on her own.

## Client Feedback
Again, our clients feedback was brief. She told us that she liked the changes we made but ultimately needs more time to go through it all. She said that the change that stood out to her the most was that we made the system more secure by updating our authentication process.
