# Client Meeting on 03/08/2021

## Meeting Start Time
 
2021/03/08/ 1:00pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2021/03/08/ 1:30pm
 
## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan, Amina
 
## Minute Recorder

Austin

## Topics Discussed
Today's meeting went smoothly as our Client was excited to see what changes we had made since last time. To start, we began by allowing our client to request screen control over zoom so she was able to navigate the website herself. This was a good way to show her the website because it allowed her to give us more meaningful feedback. After giving her a quick tour, we resumed controlling the presentation and then showed her the profile page, as well as the functionality for a sponsor. Lastly we discussed how the website is going to be changed for iteration 5 and made plans with our client to fulfill her requests.
 
## Topics Clarified
There were not that many topics clarified except for when we had shown our client how to use the zoom remote control feature. Along with this, we also clarified the layout of a few of the pages since not all of them were entirely filled with placeholders so the page looked empty. We reassured her that it would look filled once the videos/articles pages were populated

## Client Feedback
Today our client got a hands on look at our progress through Zoom’s remote control feature. Our clients feedback was very specific in terms of mostly just aesthetics. Her concerns were mostly our use of dull colors and spacing issues when clicking through the different pages. She said that she wants the different pages to look more colorful and inviting. Along with color changes, she also wanted to see some font changes because she felt like the text was too small when she got to a paragraph of text. She also mentioned that she'd like fonts that were a little rounder. To make the edges not so harsh.
