## Meeting Start Time 

2020/10/24/12:00pm

## Meeting End Time

2020/10/22/1:10pm

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Iqra, Austin, Mera, Duan, Jamari

## Minute Recorder
Iqra

## Topics Discussed
We presented the design material to our client, Amina, and received feedback for each section. We then discussed what needs to be changed in our material based on her feedback. We had a few questions that we asked. We will be sending her a few logos through for her to decide. We made sure she knew that the prototype was just an example of the functionality and not how it’s actually going to look. 

## Things Clarified
We took note of the feedback and improvements on the design material. Amina really liked the EVE logo but wanted some modifications with respect to the prototype. Instead of having the login page as the main page, she wants an introductory page along with the “Hot Topic of the quarter” on the main page so that whoever visits the page should be able to understand what the website is all about. Furthermore, she also said that the admin should be able to know how many users watched a certain video along with being able to check for crude words. Upon asking, she clarified that the sponsor accounts need to be approved so that the admin is sure that the business account is legitimate. Sponsor accounts should sign up by choosing a security question to maintain the security of their accounts. Moreover, the member accounts should be easily converted into sponsor accounts if the member wants the access to post content on the website.

## Client Feedback
According to Amina, the material was on point. She pointed out a few changes she’d like that are mentioned in the things clarified section of the document but other than that, she really appreciated the design material we presented to her. 

