Mentor Meeting

## Meeting Start Time
 
2020/12/09/6:44pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2020/12/09/7:00pm

## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan, Ben
 
## Minute Recorder
Duan

## Topics Discussed
Showing Ben the added features we have done since we last met with him. Looking at the 3rd Iteration GitHub project cards to keep it up-to-date. Asking Ben how to accomplish testing inside our docker setup. Seeing how we feel after nearing the end of the 3rd iteration and how we as a group did during it. Any thoughts of how we can do deployment for the site in the upcoming future. What we didn’t do well this Iteration we can improve upon. Our fourth Iteration features we can start thinking and adding on. What deployment option we need to decide upon to have the client and professor accept it.
## Topics Clarified
He said we did a good job in polishing the site to be more presentable. Moving all the tasks we have completed this iteration and what’s still in progress. Also moving tasks we didn’t get to, and putting it to the next iteration. We can test inside a docker container and have a better understanding of how to go about it. We feel pretty good after this iteration, we all did a good job at doing our part for this iteration and finishing it up. We need to speak to the client and the professor to see what avenues we can take in terms of deployment for the site as a whole. Fixing our inconsistencies when it comes to planning our meetings and typing into slack a set time for everyone to meet. After our client meeting we will have a better knowledge of what we should be working on in Iteration 4.
