Mentor Meeting

## Meeting Start Time
 
2021/02/26/5:30pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2021/02/26/5:55pm
## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan, Ben
 
## Minute Recorder
Austin

## Topics Discussed
Our team began by discussing the various changes that we have made since Ben had last seen it. The first was the styling changes and finishing up the aesthetics that was shown to be much cleaner than before. We then talked about some other less important things like confidence levels, and overall feelings for how we are doing for this iteration. Ben was able to tell us a little bit more about some specific Django examples and said he was willing to meet with us to explain some more things to us as well. Nothing really had changed in our documentation yet, but Ben had told us to just take note of what that is going to look like for iteration 5 and what all needs to be accounted for. The final thing we discussed was how we are going to attack the 5th iteration and what all is going to need to happen in order for that to go smoothly. Ben said that he thinks we are in good shape and should spend as much time as we can on this as we near the end. 

## Topics Clarified
There were a few questions asked towards the end about certain aspects of our project. Some of our group members working on the back-end were having some troubles getting the API running again after changing some things to reflect changes in the Front-end. After clarifying those issues he told us he could meet another time to go more in-depth if we needed. The final clarification for our group was an answer to a question about advice for finding things to work on. His response essentially included an emphasis on planning and having an extensive backlog of ideas that you can pull from once something is completed to facilitate progress. All in all, the meeting was a brief catch-up of sorts and things are going well in his eyes. 

