# Mentor Meeting on 03/08/2021

## Meeting Start Time
 
2021/03/08/2:30pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2021/03/08/3:00pm

## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan, Ben
 
## Minute Recorder

Austin

## Topics Discussed
In today's meeting, we went over all of the usual stuff. We started by updating Ben on our progress that we had made on iteration 4. Specifically, we had discussed the comment section that is under our articles as well as the Ask EVE pages that were added. Ben gave positive feedback on this iterations progress which then transitioned into plans for the future. He asked us what our plans were and we went over our 5th iteration plans. After that we just briefly touched on Documentation because there really was not much there to change. Overall He said we are in a good position we just need to make sure we can finish strong.

## Topics Clarified
One thing that came up was when we talked about deployment. He had clarified what different options we could take with that and urged us to begin to think about it. He also clarified that although styling and polishing is a good thing to do, he said not to spend too much time on one thing because there can always be changes made to it.
