### Mentor Meeting Minutes


 ## Meeting Start Time
 
2020/11/22/7:30pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2020/11/22/8:00pm
 
## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan, Ben
 
## Minute Recorder

Mera

## Topics Discussed

We showed Ben some of the code that we had for the first iteration Sunday night and we asked him some questions we had. Our questions were mainly regarding the backend and the project documents. Ben suggested that we should have a requirements.txt file for the backend to help the user install the required packages for the project to run. He also pointed out that we should remove the database file (db.sqlite3) from the backend repository for security reasons, and because each developerâ€™s local machine would auto-generate that file. 
We also spoke about the second iteration and what we should improve. We agreed that we should use Git projects more frequently and assign tasks that we can discuss during team meetings. Ben also recommended that we should begin to explore deployment for our project, and suggested Heroku specifically. 


## Topics Clarified

Ben clarified the difference between the development and deployment documents and gave us some examples of what should go in each. We also asked him to clarify if what we had for the first iteration was enough to satisfy at least one functionality. He said that the user being able to view a blog post should be enough for the first iteration, and that we should plan to add more functionality next iteration. 
