## Mentor Meeting

## Meeting Start Time
 
2020/12/15/4:00pm
 
## Meeting End Time
 
2020/12/15/5:00pm

## Location/Medium
 
Zoom Meeting
 
## Present
 
Austin, Mera, Iqra, Jamari, Duan, Ben
 
## Minute Recorder
Mera

## Topics Discussed
We showed Ben a demo of the website and our updated documentation. He mentioned adding our commands in code blocks for the documentation, adding more information 
to our project directory section, changing the text editor for the New Articles page to a rich text editor, and adjusting the login demo screenshot in the User Guide. 
He think spoke to us about our winter plans, and offered some suggestions for next semester. He suggested writing a style guide to make our code more consistent
throughout our project, using pull requests for the upcoming iterations, and potentially looking at setting up CI/CD in the next iteration. 

## Topics Clarified
Ben helped clarify a couple questions we had about the project. He briefly explained the modularity of a project. We also asked about using Issue tracking with Git 
Projects and he explained the process of setting that up. Lastly, we agreed that we should dedicate a meeting at the start of next semester to explain PRs and 
make sure everyone on the team can comfortably use them. 
